Clipped from: [https://bookings.taian-table.com/booking_process/zPZswFE](https://bookings.taian-table.com/booking_process/zPZswFE)

![Booking Please Confirm Your Booking Details About Taian Table FAQ Please double check your booking details before proceeding with deposit payment. Code zPZswFE Male Food Restrictions: Date of Visit 04-May-2024, Sat 2 Bingjun +86 17610778520 Lin fong8668@gmail.com Special Occasion: 2000 Paya"e Depsit RMB 4000 Deposit Policy Paid deposits will be from final dining bill at the Congratulations, your payment and booking is successful. Please check your email for the confirmation email from us. If you do not receive a SMS or confirmation email, please contact us at 17301605350. 17301605350 IMPORTANT NOTES DINING NOTES 1. Our restaurant operates every Tuesday to Saturday. 2. We are offering three optional dining times: 6 p.m - 8 p.m. 3. To ensure the best dining experience, we will only keep your seats for 30 minutes, please coordinate in advance and arrive on time. 4. The whole dining experience will last about 2.5 hours 5. Our restaurant operates from 6 p.m„ Please kindly note that if you arrive early, you may only be able to wait outside. 6. The dining area is non-smoking (including E-cigarette), but we have outdoor smoking area. MODIFICATION AND CANCELLATION POLICY 1. You can cancel your reservation at least 4 working days (Monday to Friday) prior to your booking with no charge. In these cases, we can either refund your deposit or, alternatively, provide a possible date for your future dining. 2. If you cancel your reservation within 4 working days (Monday to Friday) prior to your booking, your deposit will not be refunded. But you can still re-arrange your reservation for a future dining. 3. Kindly note that due to the limited number seats availability at Taian Table, any modification requests to reduce the number of seats in a booking will be handled as a cancellation of seats. And any modification requests to add the number of seats are subjected to the on-day booking. 4. If you paid your deposit through Paypal, we need to charge 3.5% of the total amount for administration and service fee when we process the refund to your account. 5. Please understand that we have taken great consideration in our booking and cancellation policy. We source fresh ingredients daily based on the number of bookings to ensure the quality and reduce wastage. SEATS ARRANGEMENT 1. Your seat will be arranged by us according to the on-day booking status. Seats will be mainly arranged at the counter. Booth seats will be arranged priority to guests who have reserved for 3-4 persons. 2. If you have the reservation of two persons and request for the booth seat, we will try our best for the arrangement according to the booking status. RULES OF BYO 1. If you are bringing your own wine, please kindly note that we only allow bringing a maximum of one bottle (up to 750m') per party. Taian Table will charge a fee of RBAB 800 per bottle for the handling, glassware, and related service. REMINDERS OF MENU & VEGETARIAN & CHILD POLICY 1. If you have any food allergy or restrictions, please let us know at least 48 hours before the dining date, and we will adjust the ingredients accordingly. Due to the limits of preparation, we are not able to provide unreserved vegetarian menus on-day. 2. Children less than 12 years of age are not recommended for dining. If you are coming with children, please take note that your children are part of the booked seats, even if they are not eating. ](Exported%20image%2020240521171758-0.jpeg)